Thank you for your participation!

Please read the debriefing below to find out more about what we are studying.

DEBRIEFING

The purpose of the study is to learn how people's behavior changes as they learn new information and retrieve information from memory.  Specifically, we are interested in the question of how the context in which people experience events affects how they store and retrieve memories and how this varies across individuals depending on their personality.

Current theories of memory hypothesize that memories are formed by binding the information we experience to the context in which we experience it.  To retrieve details of a specific episode we must then mentally time travel back to the context in which we experienced it to provide the best cue for our memory system.  One major question in the field is: “What makes up the context of an experience and how does this vary across individuals?”

The goal of this research is to answer this question by manipulating various aspects of the information studied and retrieved and observing the changes in memory behavior.  In this study, you were presented with a sequence of stimuli and then tested on your memory for those stimuli.  Although you may not have noticed, there was a pattern to the stimuli.  By examining how your memory performance was affected by this pattern, and how this relates to certain aspects of your personality, we will be able to help answer the question of what is context.

In order to maintain the integrity of this study, please do not discuss your experiences in the experiment with other students who could potentially be participants.  If others know all details of the study before participating, it could affect the results in unexpected ways. 

If you have any questions about this study, please do not hesitate to ask your experimenter now. You may also contact Dr. Per B. Sederberg, sederberg.1@osu.edu or 614-292-1424.  If you have questions or concerns about your rights as a research participant contact Sandra Meadows at The Office of Responsible Research Practices, 1-800-678-6251 or 1-614-688-4792.

Please let the experimenter know that you have completed the experiment.
